Note on scope of list-of-api-source-attribute-value (#13923)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/faq/list-of-api-source-attribute-value.md

Search for events in the event stream using `sources:<SEARCH_TERM>`.

> **Note** that the list below includes sources from core Datadog integrations only. Additional sources may come from [community][2] and [marketplace][3] integrations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This list includes sources from core Datadog integrations only. Additional sources may come from [community][2] and [Marketplace][3] integrations. 
```
